feat: integrate Connectors in Self-Managed (#1376)
camunda/camunda-platform-docs: docs/components/integration-framework/connectors/custom-built-connectors/connector-sdk.md

### Pre-packaged runtime environment

The SDK comes with a pre-packaged runtime environment that allows you to run select Connector runtimes
as local job workers out-of-the-box. You can find this Java application on
[Maven Central](https://search.maven.org/artifact/io.camunda.connector/connector-runtime-job-worker).

> Refer to the [Self-Managed installation guide](/self-managed/platform-deployment/overview.md) for details on how to

Author: ```suggestion
Refer to the [Self-Managed installation guide](/self-managed/connectors-deployment/install-and-start.md) for details on how to
```
